greetings frugal viewers so back more
coffee Oh finally this is the first
video I've recorded since Christmas
break my gosh right here and I don't
know where to go
they're they're everywhere there's like
no place with our eyes are not watching
I have to kill these guys
oh my god oh my god what dude I can't
get around nobody nobody was here nobody
oh my god oh my god oh my god this is
horrible
oh my god oh my god get back to safety
that's safety safety how come there's a
table up there how am I supposed to get
past it okay so I can't go up there I
have to uh okay God you suck at your job
how do you not notice me Jack Walters
isn't exactly sneaky okay now wait
there's no handle on this side are you
serious
oh my god okay well I guess we have to
go back this way what's this you are
terrible you are seriously probably the
worst guard I've ever seen okay
I know what fuck it okay Shh
dude oh ha ha ha ha oh you don't know
where I am okay if you just disappear
back good I never see you dude you guys
start I'm right here
it's fitness demand you guys are awful
okay that's protected by a ward of some
sort
Robert somewhere oh I'm not oh god oh
god okay so so I would never stops
well that over here was that thing
okay I just got it
gotta be brave
the doorway is sealed but some use force
imagine that okay maybe Ruth brooch does
something to it or maybe this oh my god
do I have to be facing it
okay so the red Jim booth brooch the
rusty key wrong key
oh well I would think even if it was the
right key the fact that it's sealed by a
mystical force would prevent me from
opening it Jim
okay so I can't go upstairs I can't go
in the mystical force sealed door where
can I go up to the altar is that where
I'm supposed to go I am are x plus cokes
be altered
oh my god this is horrible I gotta see
where this guy goes ah gotta memorize
his pattern marking his killer
seems like these guys don't die as
easily okay we must have him oh my god
oh you know it's ah my gosh I just have
to kill all them
I mean I'm up for that
so Lee down no no but do you want me to
kill you so totally can not a problem
oh my god
where where are you where's this friend
okay I'm here what the hell being this
close to the doors is making my head
found oh I'm sorry jack
more nothing else I could do what's this
crap oh sandy heard okay you guys are up
there I don't like no headshot Thank You
snipers how do I get up there yeah well
too bad you guys where are you I'm
gladly come there okay huh
okay you got shot in the eye Jack here
sutures is what you need that's right
yeah if I were to spread out when you're
all up there's yeah yeah and you guys
are taping away just get rid of the
table I think I shot him
I think I shot him dead oh I don't know
someone just gunned down one of your
dudes they get him oh my god
how much oh I have oh I should probably
start using my rifle that I have here
did I get him
it got it okay stairways been blocked
with furniture
well move it sure move X what do i this
is ridiculous
come on my god
we get up there come on this okay let's
so anything look of Dagon I'm gonna read
this I think I read this every time and
it says I haven't read it okay they're
from Sebastian Marsh
okay well I've rental this crap I was
thinking maybe there's something like
the combination of the safe that I could
open oh my god okay well if you enjoyed
this video like it and I'll try to
figure out how to get past this part see
you guys later thanks watch